Computer system is defined as a combination of hardware, software, user and data. The hardware components are carefully chosen so that they work well together with the software component or programs that run in the computer. The computer system takes a set of input, process them create a set of output.
An operating system is a system software that manages computer hardware and software resources and provides common services for computer programs. The operating system is the most important program that runs on a computer as it directs a computer operations, controlling and scheduling the execution of the computer.
Hardware is the physical parts or component of a computer such as onitor,keyboard,motherboard, memory(RAM), soundcard and so on, all of which are tangible physical objects. They are components that can be seen, felt and touched.
An input device sends information to a computer system for processing. An output device reproduces or displays the results of that processing. Examples of input devices are keyboard, mouse, light pen, joystick etc. while examples of output devices are printer, scanner, monitor etc.
Communication is defined as the act of conveying intented meanings from one entity or group to another through the use of mutually understood words, signs and symbols.
Machine is defined as a tool containing one or more parts that uses energy to perform an intended action. It is a device that makes work faster and easier.
Photosynthesis is the process by which green plants and some other organism use sunlight to synthesize foods from carbon dioxide and water. It involves green pigments chlorophyll and generates oxygen as a biproduct.
The law of demand states that all other factors being equal, as the price of a good or services increases, consumer demand for goods or services will decrease and vise versa(i.e the higher the priced, the lower the quantity and demand and vise versa).
Mammals are vertebrates(which means they have backbone or spine), They have hair or fur on their body, produces milk to feesd their babies, they are endothermic(warm blooded), sweat glands, temperature regulations etc
Transportation can be defined as the movement of people, animal, and goods from one location to another. It is a means of conveyance or travel from one place to another. Modes of transportation include air, rail, road, water, cable, pipeline and space
jhjhjh
my name is kolapo olanike
